[Music]
he who scatters has come up before your
face man the fort watch the road
strengthen your flanks fortify your
power mightily for the Lord will restore
the excellence of Jacob like the
excellence of Israel for the empty errs
have emptied them out and ruined their
vine branches the shields of his mighty
men are made red the valiant men are in
scarlet the chariots come with flaming
torches in the day of his preparation
and the spears are brandished the
charrids rage in the streets they jostle
one another in the broad roads they seem
like torches they run like lightning he
remembers his Nobles they stumble in
their walk they make haste to her walls
and the defense is prepared the gates of
the rivers are opened and the palace is
dissolved it is decreed she shall be led
away captive she shall be brought up and
her maid servants shall lead her as with
a voice of doves beating their breasts
though Nineveh of old was like a pool of
water now they flee away Oh
halt they cry but no one turns back
takes oil of silver take spoil of gold
there is no end of treasure or wealth of
every desirable prize she is empty
desolate and waste the heart melts and
the knees shake much pain is in every
side and all their faces are drained of
color
where is the dwelling of the Lions and
the feeding place of the young lions
were the lion walked the lioness and
lions curved and no one made them afraid
the lion torn in pieces enough for his
cubs killed for his lionesses filled his
caves with prey and his dens with flesh
behold I am against you says the Lord of
hosts I will burn your chariots in smoke
and the sword shall devour your young
lions I will cut off your prey from the
earth and the voice of your messengers
shall be heard no more
[Music]